{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Describe multicast as opposed to unicast and broadcast. Give an example of a IPv6 multicast address\
	\
	Multicast is used to describe communication where a piece of information is sent from one or more points to a set of other points. This differs from unicast (info sent from one point to another) and Broadcast (info sent from one point to all other points).\
	Example - ff00::/8\
\
2. Example of a link-local IPv6 address. Briefly describe how it is generally formed from the ethernet MAC address\
	\
	example - fe80::226:5eff:ffe00:8242\
	Generated from the mac address 0
\b 0
\b0 -26-5E-00-82-42. Swap bolded 0 for a 2, insert ff:fe in the middle (between the E and the 0)\
\
3. Give an example of a \'93unique-local\'94 IPv6 address\
\
	one in the block fc00::/7 - prefix can be fc00 or fd00\
\
4. Describe Solicited Node [multicast] address. What is its purpose? Give an example. How is it formed?\
\
	Its purpose is to reduce the amount go traffic sent to the all-nodes link-local address ff02::1. A host will join a solicited node multicast group of each unicast address it has (typically the same group which reduces the amount of addresses switches/routers need to track).\
\
5. Long ass question about MLDv2 Snooping\'92s purpose in terms of switches\
\
	MLD snooping means that IPv6 multicast data is selectively forwarded to a list of ports that want to receive the data instead of all ports on the VLAN. This list is constructed by snooping IPv6 multicast control packets.\
\
6. Briefly describe the most important components of a router advertisement\
\
	
\b IPv6 Source
\b0  - \
	
\b IPv6 Destination
\b0  - Every host on the local network listens for the traffic sent to this address.\
	
\b Internet Control Message Protocol v6 (ICMPv6) Type
\b0  - Identifies that type of message being transmitted.\
	
\b ICMPv6 Flags
\b0  - \'93Managed\'94 address config flag (Should stateful configuration be used or not). \'93Other\'94 stateful config flag (should nodes on this link use Stateful configuration (DHCPv6) for things other than address assignment). \
	
\b ICMPv6 Option (Prefix information)
\b0  - advertises which prefix(es) are used on this link\

\b 	ICMPv6 Prefix Length
\b0  - tells us what the length of this particular prefix should be\
	
\b ICMPv6 Flags
\b0  - We only care about the \'93auto\'94 flag (Autonomous Configuration flag). only prefixes marked with the auto flag get SLAAC addresses (on by default).\
	
\b ICMPv6 Prefix
\b0  - key piece of information in this announcement. It is viewed uncompressed (so you can see how long the prefix is in relation to the whole address).\
	
\b ICMPv6 Source link-layer address option
\b0  - this option communicates with the routers MAC address to the hosts on the link. Having it here means we don\'92t have to do an extra round trip on the network to work out the MAC address of the router (reduces delay).\
\
7. Briefly describe DAD. Why is it needed and how is it performed? What is the difference between a \'93Tentative\'94 address and a \'93Preferred\'94 address with regard to DAD?\
\
	It is used to verify that an IPv6 address is unique on the (V)LAN before the address is assigned to a physical interface. It is performed by, when a new unicast address is configured, sending a neighbor solicitation to the All-nodes multicast addresses. This operation discovered other devices on the (V)LAN and verifies whether the unicast address is unique.\
	Tentative address is one who\'92s uniqueness is being verified currently but a preferred address is verified. An interface discards received packets assigned to a tentative address but will accept neighbor discovery packets. \
\
}