{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17540\viewh15960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lab 18 Assessment - Internal Routing\
\
2. Explain why some routers appear to be missing advertisements. Use tcpdump and listed on R3\'92s eth0.20 or eth0.30\
	\
	only 192.168.1.0/24 and 192.168.3.0/24 are showing. This is because when we listen on eth0.20, we can see advertisements from R1?\
\
3. enable poison-reverse for each interface on each router. Using tcpdump what has changed?\
\
	we can now see X.X.1.0/24, X.X.2.0/24 and X.X.3.0/24. This is because we will now check all routes around the networks? We see advertisements from R1 and R2 but from both possible directions?\
\
4. investigate which debugging commands might be useful for showing what advertisements are being recieved\
\
	no debug rip events/packet/zebra. None are currently enabled\
\
5. What are the fail-over and fail-back times? What improvement to basic RIP is being used here?\
\
	fail-over = 7 sec\
	fail-back = IT STOPPED WORKING HERE :( I WAITED AGES\
\
6. How long does this take? What prefixes are removed from R2\'92s routing table? Put the interface back, how long does fail-back take?\
\
	fail-over = 3 mins 20 sec\
	prefixes removed = 192.168.2.0/24 via 192.168.1.1 (eth1.10)\
	fail-back = 1 second\
\
7. How long does it take for R2 to fail back to the optimal path?\
\
	Apparently SUPER long. Mine wasn\'92t working when I was testing though}