{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. 
\b SUDO vs Root
\b0  (su gives you a session as root, sudo will run a single command as root, sudo -s will give you a shell too like su)\

\b Advantages 
\b0 - users don\'92t have to remember a different password. installer needs to ask fewer questions. because you are prompted for a password before you can make changes you think of the consequences of your actions. logs all entries of log ins. hackers will try root first but they won\'92t know what other users there are. easy transfer of admin rights. an be set up with a fine-grained security policy. all admins don\'92t have to share the same password.\

\b Disadvantages
\b0  - it can be confusing to redirect the output of commands at first. in an environment where all users (other than root) are not local, you will need to create an extra local user to set up a workstation or fix broken users. \
\
2.\
Screenshots in folder 301 Lab 1\
\
3. \
- 
\b Be precise and informative about your problem
\b0 . Describe symptoms carefully and clearly, describe the environment, describe your research, describe the steps you\'92ve taken, describe any possible relevant recent changes, if possible provide a way to reproduce a problem.\
- 
\b Be explicit about your question
\b0 . Clearly explain what you want respondents to do. This will focus their effort . Also ask for an explanation of a problem not for someone to fix it\
- 
\b Courtesy never hurts, and sometimes helps
\b0 . Be courteous. Politeness will increase your chances of getting a better answers\
- 
\b Follow up with a brief note on the solution
\b0 . Send a note after the problem has been solved. This will help others and mean people don\'92t have to continuously ask the same questions over and over.\
- 
\b RTFM and STFW
\b0 . Read the fucking manual and search the fucking web. Clearly you haven\'92t done your research correctly.}