{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 CPU and Memory
\b0 \
	Client - \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 less multiprocessing capability compared to servers systems. It is a simple and less powerful machine with basic hardware configuration. \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b Access
\b0 \
	Client - \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 a client supports a single user login at a time and accesses a server through a network. Eg in an enterprise environment, an employee logins in to the client machine to access files and applications running on a server machine,. Client connects via a network to a server, which offers services through ports beyond the server\'92s network address. \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\

\b Licences
\b0 \
	Client - \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Client access license (CAL) is a commercial software license allowing clients to connect to server software and use their services. Licensed so that payment is required for each installation or for each concurrent use. For example and purchasing 10 CALs for an instance of Windows Server 2003 allows 10 concurrent connections. CALs apply to either a device or a user. Windows Client operating system license do not permit multiple users to access one licensed copy of the software simultaneously.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\

\b Management 
\b0 \
	Client - \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Windows 8 Client OS management pack provides monitoring basics. Simplified deployment, integration features and virtualisation tools. (found this out from friends, so not 100% sure)\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\

\b Security
\b0 \
	Server - \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Security-focussed OS\'92s are available with the major goal of a secure computing environment.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}