{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14960\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Assessment 1
\b0 \
\
1. When will * * 13 jan * \ul command\ulnone  run?\
	every minute on the 13th January\
\
2. When will 30 4 1,15 * 5 \ul command\ulnone  run?\
	at 4:30 am on the 1st and 15th of each month, plus every friday\
\
3. How could you improve a situation where many VMs all want to do a cron demand at the same time?\
	Alternate the times when the hosts begin their commands. Only do commands when necessary (eg not every minute if you dont have to). Increment the times so the host is always on but only has to deal with very few VMs tasks at once.\
\

\b Assessment 3
\b0 \
\
1. write log rotate entry that rotates the file /var/log/auth.log on a weekly basis\
	/var/log/auth.log\{\
		missingok	#dont stress if there isn\'92t a file\
		weekly	#rotate weekly\
		rotate 4	#keep archives of 4 weeks (useful to refer back to and for security)\
	\}\
\
2. Describe what happens to the files in /var/log/ when they are rotated \
	The outputs remain uncompressed for the 2 most recent versions, from then on they compress (get a .gz filename) \
\
3. What would be a good thing to do with archived logs? What factors might you need to consider?\
	Store in memory for a specified time (not longer than needed). Consider memory space and logrotate rate\
\

\b Assessment 4
\b0 \
\
/etc/cron.d:\
logcheck\
\
1. At what times is log check run by chrond? Explain how logcheck is being run (explain nice and -R)\
	logcheck run as an hourly cronjob justify the hours and after every reboot. -R adds reboot to the email subject line. Nice is intended to affect how much CPU time is given to a process. It acts as a priority measure\
\

\b Assessment 5
\b0 \
\
1. Write regex for the following two log messages\
	egrep -i \'91belgarath sshd.[0-9]*.: Accepted public key for [a-zA-Z]* from 10\\.18\\.2\\.[0-9]+ port [0-9]*. ssh2\
	egrep -i \'91belgarath su\\[[0-9]*.: \\+ \\?\\?\\? root:nobody\
\
}